Draft: Interaction Code (#1713)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/reference/api/oidc/index.md

<ApiOperation method="post" url="${baseUrl}/v1/token" />

> This endpoint returns access tokens, ID tokens, and refresh tokens, depending on the request parameters. For [password](/docs/guides/implement-password/), [client credentials](/docs/guides/implement-client-creds/), and [refresh token](/docs/guides/refresh-tokens/) flows, calling `/token` is the only step of the flow. For the [authorization code](/docs/guides/implement-auth-code/) and interaction_code flows, calling `/token` is the last step of the flow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This endpoint returns access tokens, ID tokens, and refresh tokens depending on the request parameters. For [password](/docs/guides/implement-password/), [client credentials](/docs/guides/implement-client-creds/), and [refresh token](/docs/guides/refresh-tokens/) flows, calling `/token` is the only step of the flow. For the [authorization code](/docs/guides/implement-auth-code/) and interaction_code flows, calling `/token` is the last step of the flow.
```

| Parameter               | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        | Type   |
| :---------------------- | :--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | :----- |
| code                    | Required if `grant_type` is `authorization_code`. The value is what was returned from the [authorization endpoint](#authorize). The code has a lifetime of 60 seconds.                                                                                                                                                             | String |

> | code_verifier           | Required if `grant_type` is `interaction_code`, or if the `grant_type` is `authorization_code`  and `code_challenge` was specified in the original `/authorize` request. This value is the code verifier for [PKCE](#parameter-details). Okta uses it to recompute the `code_challenge` and verify if it matches the original `code_challenge` in the authorization request.     | String |

Reviewer 2: for interaction code we have original request not to `/authorize` but is either `/token` or `/interact`

Author: Required if `grant_type` is `interaction_code`, or if the `grant_type` is `authorization_code` and `code_challenge` was specified in the original `/authorize` request. This value is the code verifier for [PKCE](#parameter-details). Okta uses it to recompute the `code_challenge` and verify if it matches the original `code_challenge` in the authorization, interact, or initial token request.

This description is getting a little long, so I'm tempted to move some of the details to the Parameter details section. @susanharper-okta thoughts?

Reviewer: I think it's ok. Not any less meaty than the code_verifier description. And I think meaty is good. :)

> | grant_type              | Can be one of the following: `authorization_code`, `interaction_code`, `password`, `client_credentials`, or `refresh_token`. Determines the mechanism Okta uses to authorize the creation of the tokens.                                                                                                                           | String |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| grant_type              | Can be one of the following: `authorization_code`, `client_credentials`, `interaction_code`, `password`, or `refresh_token`. Determines the mechanism that Okta uses to authorize token creation.                                                                                                                           | String |
```

| refresh_token           | Required if `grant_type` is `refresh_token`. The value is a valid refresh token that was returned from this endpoint previously.                                                                                                                                                                                                   | String |
| scope                   | Required if `password` is the `grant_type`. This is a list of scopes that the client wants to be included in the access token. For the `refresh_token` grant type, these scopes have to be a subset of the scopes used to generate the refresh token in the first place.                                                             | String |
| username                | Required if the grant_type is `password`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          | String |

#### Parameter details

> * `interaction_code` grant type is an Okta extension to [the OpenID specification](http://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-core-1_0.html#Authentication).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `interaction_code` grant type is an Okta extension to the [OpenID specification](http://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-core-1_0.html#Authentication).
```

    All other parameters comply with the OpenID Connect specification and their behavior is consistent with the specification.

> * To obtain an interaction handle using the `password` grant type, the following parameters are required in addition to those specified above: `code_challenge`, `code_challenge_method`, `redirect_uri`, and `state`. See the `/interact` endpoint for more details.

Reviewer 2: where to find `/interact` endpoint with more details?

Author: Adding doc for that in the next ticket. The `/interact` endpoint will be documented on the same page, and will update the link here once that's done.

| scope           | The scopes contained in the access token.                                               | String  |
| refresh_token   | An opaque refresh token. This is returned if the `offline_access` scope is granted.     | String  |
| id_token        | An [ID token](#id-token). This is returned if the `openid` scope is granted.            | String  |
| interaction_handle | An opaque handle that can be used to start a transaction with the Okta Identity Engine. See guide for more details.            | String  |

#### List of errors

| Error Id                 | Details                                                                                                                                                                                                    |
| :----------------------- | :--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | interaction_required     | The client is configured to use the Interaction Code Flow and user interaction is required to complete the request.                                                                                        |

Reviewer 2: nit: may be we can say here that with this error there will be `interaction_handle` returned that need to be used for user interaction.

Author: Good point. @susanharper-okta can you help me with the phrasing? 

The client is configured to use the Interaction Code Flow and user interaction is required to complete the request. This error returns an `interaction_handle`, which can be used to...

There should be a link to wherever we describe the `interaction_handle` in detail. I'm trying to decide if we also need to give a quick explanation here of how the handle can be used (e.g. if I should finish that trailed off sentence or not).

Reviewer: The client is configured to use the Interaction Code flow and user interaction is required to complete the request. This error returns an `interaction_handle` that you can use to (I would def give a brief explanation here and then link off to the interaction_handle in detail content).

| scope           | The scopes contained in the access token.                                               | String  |
| refresh_token   | An opaque refresh token. This is returned if the `offline_access` scope is granted.     | String  |
| id_token        | An [ID token](#id-token). This is returned if the `openid` scope is granted.            | String  |

> | interaction_handle | An opaque handle that you can use to start a transaction with the Okta Identity Engine. See guide for more details. | String  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| interaction_handle | An opaque handle that you can use to start a transaction with Identity engine. See guide for more details. | String  |
```

> | interaction_handle | An opaque handle that can be used to start a transaction with the Okta Identity Engine. See guide for more details.            | String  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| interaction_handle | An opaque handle that you can use to start a transaction with the Okta Identity Engine. See guide for more details.            | String  |
```

Adding note here to not forget the link to the guide

#### List of errors

| Error Id                 | Details                                                                                                                                                                                                    |
| :----------------------- | :--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | interaction_required     | The client is configured to use the Interaction Code Flow and user interaction is required to complete the request.                                                                                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| interaction_required     | The client is configured to use the Interaction Code flow and user interaction is required to complete the request.                                                                                        |
```

> | interaction_required     | The client is configured to use the Interaction Code flow and user interaction is required to complete the request. This error returns an `interaction_handle` that you can use to start a transaction with the Okta Identity Engine. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| interaction_required     | The client is configured to use the Interaction Code flow and user interaction is required to complete the request. This error returns an `interaction_handle` that you can use to start a transaction with Identity engine. |
```

| invalid_client           | The specified `client_id` wasn't found.                                                                                                                                                                      |
| invalid_grant            | The `code`, `refresh_token`, or `username` and `password` combination is invalid, or the `redirect_uri` doesn't match the one used in the authorization request.                                          |
| invalid_request          | The request structure was invalid. For example: the basic authentication header is malformed, both header and form parameters were used for authentication, or no authentication information was provided. |
| invalid_scope            | The scopes list contains an invalid or unsupported value.                                                                                                                                                  |

> | unsupported_grant_type   | The `grant_type` isn't `authorization_code`, `interaction_code`, `refresh_token`, or `password`.                                                                                                           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| unsupported_grant_type   | The `grant_type` isn't `authorization_code`, `interaction_code`, `password`, or `refresh_token` |
```
